Previously on Broadchurch...
Did you recognise the
man carrying the body?
~ Yeah, I did.
~ Can you name that man for the court?
Nigel Carter. He's my son.
There's going to be a
charity in Danny's name.
There's a small group. They
work with known sex offenders.
A girl's body is still missing.
The killer is walking free.
That case is tainted.
That's my failing.
~ I said I was with Lee all night.
~ Was that true?
No, I was at a friend's house.
~ What happened that night?
~ He drugged me.
I woke up at 5.00am and he
was cleaning the whole house.
~ Sorry to hear about you and Ricky.
~ It was a long time coming.
Even the moment his daughter
was being killed
he was shagging one
of the bridesmaids.
You were at the wedding together? You said
you were together. You never mentioned that.
~ Ricky.
~ You leave Cate alone.
Why would a father not
want an investigation
into the death of his own daughter?
What if Lee Ashworth didn't do it?
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Come in, sweetheart. She won't bite.
Hey.
~ You're not gonna cry, are you, Mum?
~ No.
~ Don't talk to your mum like that.
~ It's fine, thanks, Luce.
~ Thanks for agreeing to see me.
~ Aunt Lucy said I had to.
How's school?
Tell me about the trial.
Really?
Did you think we're not
going to mention it?
Right, OK, er...
Well, it's hard seeing
your dad there.
If you're so sure he did it,
why is he pleading 'not guilty'?
I wish I knew but I think
because he's scared
and I think he can't bear to face up
to what's happened. People do that.
Well, you've got it wrong.
Tom, I know you want that to
be true and I know you blame me.
But your dad killed Danny and if I
could have spotted what was going on
or if I could go back and make it
un-happen, I would, but I can't.
Who is on his side? Who's
speaking up for Dad?
You don't have to worry about
him. He's got a good barrister.
But what I wanted to suggest was
that you came back to live with me
and I give up the flat and
we go back to the house.
No.
~ Would you just listen for a moment?
~ No!
I am not going back.
Well, soon, yeah?
No.
OK. Can I at least have a hug?
I love you, even more than chocolate.
You don't have to come with
me to question this woman.
No, I want to. My life
has all gone to shit.
At least fixing your mess
gives me a distraction.
Are you going to move back in here?
Only when I've got Tom
back. Are we going or not?
Where did you say you were from?
South Mercia police. We're
looking at an old case.
On 14 April 2012, were
you the bridesmaid
for Martin and Esther Kelly's
wedding at Longthorne Hotel?
I don't know if that was the
date but I was at the wedding.
Did you have sex with a man called
Ricky Gillespie that night?
Wow, you don't mess about!
You mean Ricky whose girl was killed?
Yeah.
No, I didn't. I mean, he tried
it on. He was after me all night.
He even followed me to my room
when I went to change my shoes,
cos my heels were killing me,
and he had this little
silver hip flask.
He kept trying to make
me have a drink with him
but I threw him out. A bit much.
He was there with his wife.
The last I saw, he was heading
back through the car park.
~ How long was he in your room for?
~ Five or ten minutes.
I didn't see him for
the rest of the evening.
Cate Gillespie was wrong. Ricky
wasn't with another woman.
Nobody saw him for two
hours. Where was he?
And who takes a hip
flask to a wedding?
Do you think he was
going to drug her?
I haven't heard any reports of
him trying that sort of thing.
Claire said that's what
Lee used to do to her.
Do think it's something all
four of them used to do?
I don't know.
When we're done in court
today we'll talk to her.
When was the last time you
had your eyesight tested?
What about your night vision?
Ever had that tested?
Never had a test.
But I eat a lot of carrots.
So, you have no idea
how far you can see
either in the daytime or at night?
I can see the moon and
that's a fair distance.
Very good. Can we turn
to your son, Mr Carter?
You hadn't seen him
for 28 years, had you?
I know what he looks like, if
that's what you're getting at.
In Mr Carter's sworn statement
to the police he says,
"I don't even know who she is."
"I don't want anything
to do with her."
Police got it wrong. Police
get it wrong all the time.
~ It's a fact.
~ It's not, actually.
I thought you'd prepped her.
~ She's a bloody liability!
~ She wasn't like this with me.
Stick to answering the questions
you've been asked, Miss Wright.
OK!
When you first saw Danny's
body on the beach,
why didn't you call for an ambulance?
A bit late by then.
You seem very certain. Did you check?
~ Are you medically qualified?
~ It was obvious what had happened.
Why didn't you call the police?
I didn't want to dump Nigel in it.
How do you explain police
forensics finding
four cigarette butts with your
DNA on them next to Danny's body?
I've smoked a lot of
cigarettes on that beach.
~ Why did you take the skateboard?
~ I thought it might get nicked.
It did get nicked, didn't it? By you!
I thought the family
would want it back.
Do you know who Maggie Radcliffe is?
No.
The editor of the Broadchurch Echo.
Whose office you broke into around
11.37pm on 24 July, 2013
and whom you threatened
by saying, and I quote,
"I know men who would rape you."
~ What?
~ I don't have that.
Not true.
What's not true? You don't
know men like that or you do?
I never said it!
Why would she lie?
~ She's a journalist.
~ Right!
Journalists and police lie and
you're the only honest woman here.
If you like.
Isn't it true that every word
you have told this court
since you stood up in the
witness box is a lie?
~ No.
~ You didn't see Nigel Carter.
~ You saw Joe Miller.
~ No!
But you want to pin the blame
on the son who's rejected you.
No!
You've lied to this
court time and again,
just as you've lied to the police!
~ No!
~ Why should the jury believe
a single word you say?
You ain't all that.
I wouldn't have gone anywhere
near her if I'd seen that!
I know. I'm sorry!
Do you know what, maybe if
you spent a little less time
trying to tell me how to do my job
and a bit more time on your own work
we'd stand a chance
of getting him off.
Chin up.
Did you enjoy yourself,
lying in there?
It's not my husband in the dock.
~ I suppose you knew all along.
~ No!
Of course you did.
We all know.
~ We all turn a blind eye.
~ Not me - that's not what happened.
Of course not(!)
You just keep telling yourself that.
~ Are you all right?
~ They'll always think I knew.
No matter what the verdict, they'll
always think I was in on it.
Just give them time.
Oh, brilliant(!)
Thanks for that shitty platitude.
That's fixed everything(!)
~ Does Claire know we're coming?
~ No.
I want you to tell me what you
told Miller about that night.
That was supposed to be between us.
There are no secrets
between him and me.
Oh! Is that right?
Claire, I don't care what you've
said before. I want the truth now.
That night I went to see a friend,
Marie, like I told you before.
Except...
I didn't stay over. I came home
and I had a drink with Lee.
I think he spiked my
drink with Rohypnol.
I was out for a long time and
when I woke, it was morning.
~ He was cleaning.
~ What sort of cleaning?
Bathroom. Washing linen.
Hoovering. Washing floors. He
said he fancied a spring clean.
So, he's drugged you, now
he's cleaning the house
and the next morning two girls get
reported missing from next door
but you don't think to tell anyone?
I didn't want to think
it was possible.
What about now?
~ Do you think he could
have killed those girls?
~ No.
This is now the third version of
that night you've come up with.
Why couldn't you tell me this before?
I didn't want you knowing
what he used to do.
What are you doing?
Whose number's that?
I don't know. It was
an incoming call.
~ It was a wrong number.
~ It was an outgoing call.
Because I called it back to
check and it just rang and-
This area code, that's
where you lived with Lee.
~ Now I feel I'm being questioned!
~ Too bloody right!
You were my key witness and now
you say you're lying all along.
~ I'm not lying!
~ What, then?
~ Trying to protect him.
~ Him or yourself?
That's not fair!
So this is now definitively, this
is what happened that night?
Yes.
Really?
Claire?
There is erm...
He was here when you went away
and we had sex upstairs.
~ What, Claire?!
~ You left me alone, Alec.
I've told you, he's like a drug.
I can't stop myself! I can't!
~ Come on, Miller.
~ Are you going?
~ I don't want to be on my own.
~ Child care. Sorry.
What happens now, then?
Miller!
The thing we were speaking about -
meeting reformed sex offenders.
~ I've managed to arrange it for you.
~ Oh, right. That was quick.
You still want to do it?
I think so. I don't know.
I'm a bit scared of it.
Maggie and I will be there too.
I know you've got a lot on with the
trial, so if you want to delay...
~ No, it's good.
~ What about Mark?
I'll talk to him.
OK, I'd better go, but I'll let you
know the details once it's all set.
~ OK. Bye-bye.
~ Bye.
Aren't you a beautiful little girlie?
You are, aren't you? You are, I know.
(Yeah. Little wriggler, aren't you?)
~ Showing her the sights?
~ Yeah.
Telling her what's
happening in court.
She doesn't want to hear that!
Of course she does
- she's interested.
Who's sticking up for
us, who's telling lies.
How are you feeling?
Yeah. You know we talked about
doing something in Danny's name?
~ Right...
~ What have you got that voice on for?
~ I haven't got any voice on.
~ Yeah, like you're not interested.
~ Do we have to talk about this?
~ Why won't you engage with this?
I don't understand why...
I don't understand why you
need to do it, I really don't.
You're picking at a scab,
trying to make it bleed.
~ What?
~ Look at what we've got here.
She'll be grown up before we know it
and I don't want to miss that again.
I want to be here for
her, every moment.
I'm here for her, but I can
still think about Danny.
It's not one or the other.
I need to do this.
Fine. I don't.
We sent you a letter asking you to
be a character witness for Joe Miller.
~ Joe is really relying on you.
~ I've said no.
Joe Miller is guilty.
Has he ever categorically
confessed his guilt to you?
No.
Why not let the jury decide?
Besides, if you're so
sure about his guilt,
why have you been visiting him?
He told you?
There are no secrets between
a barrister and her client.
Like the Seal of the Confessional.
I went to see him because I believe
in forgiveness and redemption.
I hoped to find a repentant
man, but since you showed up
that seems to have
gone out the window.
You gave the service
at Danny's funeral.
I did.
Do the Latimers know you've
been visiting Joe?
~ What is this? Bad cop, bad cop?
~ Look...
I get it. You don't
want to give evidence,
because you're worried the
Latimers will feel betrayed.
That is not it!
"All have sinned and fall
short of the glory of God."
Romans 3.23.
You are not the only
churchgoer here, Reverend.
Now, a member of your
parish is in crisis.
Are you really going to desert
him in his hour of need?
Have another think
about it, would you?
I like your church.
See? It's good to get out.
You spend way too much
time around dead people.
Shall I just keep talking or are
you going to join in at some point?
Becca, there's something
I want to tell you.
I've been visiting
Joe Miller in prison.
Praying with him.
You're kidding.
I thought I could save him.
I thought he was repentant.
Repentant? Have you not
been at the trial?!
Becca, I think I've made a mistake.
I just needed to tell someone.
Say something.
I feel like you've
made me a part of it.
I sent you those audio files of
those documents read onto tape.
Oh good. Now, I need you to
read and record these as well.
~ What?
~ And... these.
And these.
Please?
~ I can't!
~ Well, you have to.
~ I have far too much else to do.
~ Well, then, work faster!
No! Read your own documents.
I'm not sitting up to
3.00am reading aloud
so you can sit back
with your eyes closed.
I can't work like this!
You're a bloody nightmare.
I'm going home to see my family.
I'll see you tomorrow at court.
Don't give me that look!
~ How much did you hear?
~ Enough.
You haven't told him, have you?
Uh-uh.
Oh, bumper cars, Hardy!
I think this is brilliant!
Did you not know this was going
to be behind your house?
The rental company forgot to
mention it when I took it on.
Oh, Fred, we could go on
the teacups, couldn't we?
We could take uncle Alec.
Ricky, what are you doing here?
Is this really your gaff?
~ Sorry. Ricky Gillespie.
~ Ellie Miller. We work together.
What are you doing here?
I came to apologise.
When Cate told me you'd been
around, I overreacted.
A long way to come to say that.
I know Ashworth is down
here. You seen him?
~ Tell me where he is.
~ Ricky, that won't help anyone.
It's eating me up knowing
he's back in the country.
You really want to help?
Talk to Miller here.
She's going through the case looking
to see if we've missed anything.
What do you want to know?
(Shh.)
Can't hide from me, mate!
Tell me about your daughter Pippa.
She was my baby girl, you know.
She was sporty.
Good runner.
Played netball for the school team.
Demon at table tennis.
Competitive.
Didn't like losing.
I always spoilt her.
My only child.
What did she want to
be when she grew up?
It kept changing.
The last few months it was er...
.. hairdresser.
The night both girls disappeared,
you were at a wedding with Cate.
You were together all night?
I had to look after
her. She was pissed.
Sign of things to come, 'ey?
And tell me about Lisa.
She was my niece.
Tricky relationship with her dad.
Still uses her mum's surname.
~ She babysat for you quite regularly?
~ Every other week.
Sometimes she'd stay over,
other times I'd take her home.
~ Did she have a boyfriend?
~ No-one regular.
Did you fancy her, Ricky?
She was my niece.
I had to ask.
No, you didn't.
~ You all right?
~ Fine.
How much did you look
into Ricky at the time?
He had a solid alibi.
He and Cate said they were
at the wedding together.
She's changed her story and
the florist confirmed it.
~ Looks like he's lying.
~ Looks that way.
So, who are our suspects?
Got Ashworth, Ricky, Claire,
and that stalker on the estate.
~ Possibly Cate.
~ That's right - don't trust anyone.
You should go. Take Fred. Sleep.
I don't sleep much at the moment,
and I don't like my flat
and I want to take a proper
look at all your files.
Don't get pulled into this.
This case has done enough
damage to people.
Not me. I'm going to solve it.
I'm going to need your wall.
You all right out there?
You going to put your bear to sleep?
She used to have a bear too.
I'm going for a walk.
Leave the key under the thing.
OK.
Oh, for heaven's sake! I need
a lock put on that gate.
You busy?
Of course I'm busy. I'm
in the middle of a trial!
What do you want?
Could you do my will?
Anyone would think I was
a high-street solicitor.
It's not exactly complicated.
So, everything to your daughter.
Held till she is 18. Hm, lucky girl.
~ You got kids?
~ I never married.
That through choice?
What is this, a police interview?
No. Sorry. Just conversation.
Well...
Things were complicated and
I made... I made them more so.
I was at a point when I, when
I should have been strong
and I wasn't,
and I missed the person
I was supposed to be with.
Did you ever tell him?
No.
Maybe you should.
It's always easy to recognise
mistakes in hindsight.
Much harder to fix them now.
Anyway, why do you... why
do you need this now?
Just putting things right.
What's your sense of the trial?
Susan Wright was a mistake
for the defence.
It makes them look like amateurs.
Not going into the witness box is going
to damage Miller's credibility.
He has GOT to be convicted.
I don't need you to tell me that!
I'll do the best I
can with what I have.
Why won't she sleep?
She's had two feeds.
Give her to me, come on. I've
got her. You go back to bed.
That's it.
(That's it, that's it.)
(Shh. I know.)
What are we going to do with you?
You're making all that racket
and waking everyone up.
What are we going to do with you?
Shh!
Did you see this scribbled on the
back of an old vehicle check form?
Thorp Agriservices. What's that?
Have you come across that?
And next to it, Gary Thorp, dash,
Lee Ashworth, question mark.
~ Have you been here all night?
~ Yeah, I suppose I have.
~ Fred is sleeping next door. Shh!
~ I need a cup of tea.
Ah, you're out of teabags and milk
and I've used the last of the bread.
I couldn't find any note
of Thorp Agriservices
ever being cross-checked.
I don't think I've ever heard of it.
I went through that stuff
Lee Ashworth gave you.
It's all useless or irrelevant.
He's just trying to
put us off the scent.
~ How far did you ever look into Lisa Newbery?
~ How do you mean?
The last use of Lisa's bank account
was at 3.54pm on the
day she disappeared
before she went to babysit.
The last call was made at 5.17pm
on her mobile to her mum.
Then no more cash withdrawals
or calls made after that,
but her phone was on
for another 18 hours.
The last signal triangulated
in Portsmouth.
How did her phone get to Portsmouth?
Were any of our suspects
near Portsmouth then?
No, we checked. We know all this.
OK, here's the thing.
Lisa killed Pippa by accident.
Got rid of the body
and went on the run.
She did that and she's still alive.
You've got to admit,
it's a possibility.
You ready? Come on.
You're a prosecution
rebuttal witness.
You are there specifically to
rebut part of the defence case.
Hello, Mr Carter. Was anyone
with you that night?
No.
~ Did anyone see you?
~ No.
So, nobody can
corroborate your story?
Only the pheasants I poached.
Is this funny to you, Mr Carter?
Not at all.
Your own mother identified you
with Danny's body, didn't she?
If I killed Danny, then where
is my DNA on him, 'ey?
Where are my prints at the hut?
Who said you killed him?
I'm not suggesting you killed Danny.
I AM suggesting that you
put his body on the beach
where Susan Wright saw you.
~ Isn't that correct?
~ No!
Thank you.
Mate...
What happened?
Tell me what it was about.
Were there witnesses?
Do they know who did this? Is
someone being punished for this?
Are you getting proper
protection now?
Jonah, say something!
Ever since I was a boy
you said, "I'm your mum."
"Tell me, and I'll
make it all right."
Why can't you get me out of here?
No, it's not your fault.
You did your best.
All right, stop worrying
now. I'll see you tomorrow.
Yeah, bye.
That was Nige. He's er...
He's all torn up about today.
I told him we weren't worried,
so he shouldn't be.
Beth?
I do worry, though.
I worry the jury will believe her.
I worry the truth won't be enough.
What?
Did you tell Ricky Gillespie
where I was working?
No, why?
Because he's come for me.
Here you go.
Oh, shit!
Ricky, get off him! Ricky!
Get off him. Come on!
Do you think that will help?
I got what I came for.
You're nothing!
Are you going to report it?
No, what's the point?
Is this where you're sleeping?
The farmer said I could.
I like it.
I hear you saw Claire.
Did you?
You two ever use Rohypnol?
~ Once.
~ Where did you get it from?
Ricky Gillespie.
He used to go to Amsterdam,
bring back all sorts of stuff.
~ Ricky gave you Rohypnol?
~ He did.
Have you ever heard of a business
called Thorp Agriservices?
No.
You sure about that?
Unless it's one of the businesses
Cate did the books for.
Did you ever sleep with Cate?
~ Bye, Mum!
~ Bye, sweetheart. Have a great day.
No.
The defence want the jury to
believe that I killed Dan.
Got Nige to dispose of the body.
That's clearly where they're going.
I was reading about another family.
They were saying the trial was as
bad as the murder and I thought,
"That can't be right."
Then going in every day, seeing
our lives get turned inside out...
.. when all we did was love our son.
I get it.
You want me to go in the
witness box, don't you?
Honestly? I'm torn.
There's an hour missing
in your account
the night Danny was killed.
You don't need to protect me.
You said yourself somebody needs
to speak up for Dan. Well...
I'm his dad. It should
be down to me, you know.
~ No Mark?
~ No.
They're here.
Yep, they're inside
with the group leader.
Why am I doing this again?
Maybe this is too soon.
No, no, no, I can do
it. I can face them.
What?
Hello. I think you're
in the wrong room.
I'm Tom Miller.
Joe Miller is my dad.
Of course you are. I
didn't recognise you.
~ What are you doing here?
~ Why don't you call me in court?
I want to give evidence.
Good morning.
~ What did you say?!
~ Good morning.
~ Isn't that what people normally say?
~ You talk about being normal...
That's my son! That's what
they've done to him in prison!
Don't you dare make this
my responsibility.
Of course not! Life doesn't
touch you, does it?
~ All right, Sharon.
~ Seven years I took shit from you!
Seven years,
and the one time I ask you for
anything, you don't raise a finger.
Why should I be always
mopping up your mess?
~ What?!
~ All the time you worked for me.
All those 'poor me single
mother' speeches.
Don't put this on me! It's
down to you and no-one else.
What would you know
about being a mother?
You're barely bloody human!
A man died because of your boy.
Yes, he was trying to
help someone in trouble.
Haven't we heard that
defence before(?)
Why didn't you take his case?
Because I didn't like you enough...
.. and I always knew you
would blame me if you lost,
because that's what you always did.
Every time you didn't win,
every time you missed
out on a big brief,
you always blame someone else.
I had such high expectations of you.
You should have stayed
retired, Jocelyn,
because I'm going to see that
you leave that court a failure.
Thorp Agriservices.
I googled it, It's a business in the Sandbrook
area five miles from the Gillespie house.
I need to go back there to
visit this Agriservices place.
I could see where you found Pippa
and the woods by the river.
Fresh eyes - that's what you wanted.
There you are! Don't
you answer your phone?
I've been looking all over for you.
What the hell is all that stuff?
Excuse me. This is my house!
What do you want, Luce?
I just want you to know I
didn't know he'd done it.
Didn't know he'd done what?
Tom is going to give evidence
on behalf of Joe.
What?
He went to see Joe's legal
team without my knowing.
He can't do that without
my permission, can he?
Apparently, he can.
I tried to talk him out of it,
but he's dead set on it, Elle.
So, Lisa's phone in Portsmouth.
What do you do in Portsmouth
apart from being in the
navy or looking at ships?
~ Go on, dazzle me.
~ You get a ferry to France.
~ Portsmouth to Cherbourg.
~ So?
~ So, who else was in France?
~ Lee Ashworth.
Exactly. OK, this is the place.
What is it they do?
Services to the
agricultural industries.
I couldn't find anything
more specific than that.
It doesn't seem like a place Lee
Ashworth would be connected to.
So, what is he not telling us?
It looks pretty closed.
It must have gone out of business.
Let's look round the back.
Are you going to talk to Tom
before he gets in the box?
I don't want to talk about it.
What's that smell?
It's blood!
What is that?!
Oh, look, here you go.
Oh, God. It's a furnace.
Agricultural services - they
burned dead animals here.
You still think Lisa
Newbery is alive?
* And if you take my hand
* Please pull me from the turmoil
* And show me home again
* We'll run side by side
* No secrets left to hide
* Sheltered from the pain *
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from OpenSubtitles.org